Hi.
Jen: Craziness. It was so funny because it just went to my own face big and was like, You are the host now and so
Jen: I thought you were doing it for effect like like stream of consciousness. And I was like, okay, so I kept me and then I was like, wait, are you there.
Jen: Yeah. Okay, nevermind.
Gwenevere Abriel: I it's something profound
Is happening to this big fancy computer and I'm a little like
Gwenevere Abriel: I froze you froze and then literally my whole computer went black
Jen: Oh my god.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I'm a little freaked out. So I it's rebooting but whatever. Let's just stay here. This seems like
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you able to hear me pretty well. Yeah.
Jen: You're great will stay here.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the times, right, you're like,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's like how messed up, was that
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I don't know if you can bring yourself back, but I was at
Gwenevere Abriel: Awareness of that after
Gwenevere Abriel: That
Gwenevere Abriel: Particular president is in place something shifted
Jen: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Missy, you re reconnected there. But something about that's happening with this play, something's there's something going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and you're having trouble naming it exactly when you're there. How do you feel physically when you're watching the intensity of this show.
Jen: Um, it's a pit in my stomach.
Jen: I'm
Jen: That actually well that's interesting because even beyond
Jen: That there's this monologue that
Jen: The, the woman has where she says she's talking about, um,
Jen: How the panel is asking her, did you say no. And she has this whole monologue where she's like, I didn't say no when
Jen: I lost my virginity exactly remain in it hurt and I didn't say no when the girls in elementary school. We're pulling my hair and trying to get me to cry, and I didn't say no when
Jen: She says this very particular thing when Robbie O'Neill in the eighth grade fingered me and had a hangnail and it killed
Jen: Because that's something that actually really happened to me. Oh, and
Jen: When I told the boy he got really
Jen: shamed about it and like that was where he went. It wasn't about me being like, Oh my god out like your nail.
Jen: It was that he like hadn't pleasured me. And so that was what he focused on
Jen: And so there was something about that that like brought that up that I had forgotten.
Jen: Because it had been so long ago. And that was even
Jen: When I was younger, before whatever I did, um, but as far as it coming up for me. Now, I don't think I've really
Jen: Totally dealt with the affairs that I had in the sex that I had and what happened there with some of those men.
Jen: And
Jen: I don't know if I want to, okay. I'm okay, because even the about it sounds so scary and a hard and
Jen: And also really I think art and scary because it was something that I sought out myself. And at the time I thought I really wanted, and it's hard. Looking back, and feeling really
Jen: frustrated and angry with myself.
Jen: Um, that I did want it.
Jen: And the I actively wanted to be treated like that and that I found that a Loring
Jen: This is very complicated. Would you agree. Yeah, super
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's let let me guide a little and let's let's do time slowing just nice and slow. Number one, we don't decide or fetish. We don't decide that that comes about.
Gwenevere Abriel: On its own, the fact that something turns us on it just, it's just our own thing doesn't belong in shame.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is there's additional pieces that have to do with this weight loss. Yeah, I'm I'm hearing other pieces right. This gets
Gwenevere Abriel: Worrying about someone else's. Okay. And in in a in a rape.
Gwenevere Abriel: Without the
Gwenevere Abriel: Criminal part of it. It's just pure and simple right they want you. Mm hmm. Is that true
Jen: No. Okay. I think probably the part, they don't. And I don't think any of them did they wanted someone who would let them do what they wanted, and
Jen: Also
Jen: I think i think that i mean
Jen: For the most part, I think that they wanted a willing participant.
Jen: Who
Jen: Also could like
Jen: renege in the middle of she wanted to
Jen: Um,
Jen: But no, they didn't want me
Jen: And I think that
Jen: That was such a huge part of it for me because I never felt that kind of power. When I was younger, and I wanted it and
Jen: And having it felt addictive.
Gwenevere Abriel: But let me just check in.
Gwenevere Abriel: Was the skip was the missing piece is the missing piece of this puzzle.
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel hot I feel sexy.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I am pleasured I'm getting my needs met sexually
Gwenevere Abriel: Was that piece right there skipped. Did you get the I feel sexy and
Gwenevere Abriel: That means I have to
Gwenevere Abriel: tolerate this version of someone coming towards me, which is really close to almost a violation, but I wasn't hearing that you are gratified and they're just now, it surprised me it I am surprised because I thought I was going to hear from you a story about
Gwenevere Abriel: You really loved it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I'm confused. So, see if we can
Gwenevere Abriel: See what's in there. What am I missing. Does it sound like I'm missing.
Jen: No, I think that I did love it. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Which part the them coming toward you, the actual act.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I'm trying to see which part felt good.
Jen: Ya know it all felt good. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: So you had orgasms. They had orgasms. Okay. Okay, now, now the puzzle. Now it's making sense you I wasn't wearing that part. Okay, so, so here's what I'm thinking discarded if you want. But remember, it's just pointed departure. So for me if I'm watching this play.
Gwenevere Abriel: The people in the audience with me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, the messages.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have to say no rape is rape. We all know what that line is. And I'm just wondering if you bring in the audience, a well what if she actually wanted it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I am just saying, I'm wondering if you're having this this weird sort of dissonance because questioning whether rape really occurred because there are times when we do want to be meaning you did, meaning
Gwenevere Abriel: Ended she are you passing doubt on your own victim you questioning her. I know that's so you go where you want with it. I'm just throwing out a little something. See what see what what comes up for you.
Interesting.
Jen: I guess I'm not sure. I guess I'm
Jen: The first thing that comes up in me is
Jen: Well, I mean, I think that that's what the whole the play. Definitely lends itself to is that
Jen: There probably will be people
Jen: Who
Jen: I don't think that there will be people who think that she wanted it. And I don't think that she did.
Jen: Top the case complicated oh my god so complicated.
Jen: But there's a really big complication with this one because the perpetrator is a big black man and and so from the beginning. I've really wanted to make sure that that part of the story doesn't get lost and how racial bias affects how we make sexual decisions.
Jen: That patriarchy breaks, men and women, or rather breaks, women and men.
Jen: As far as expectations are concerned, and I think that part of me.
Jen: Worries because
Jen: I very much come from the camp of always believe women.
Jen: And I think that
Jen: Because of the nature of the show.
Jen: I have empathy for the perpetrator in the show. Yeah.
Jen: And I think that the audience will too. And I think it's important we do. Um,
Jen: But I am having trouble reconciling that with the other part of me that is like no, fuck that rape is rape. We said we have to side with with the woman.
Gwenevere Abriel: But okay, if I'm, if I'm the male and we're playing a game and the game is this fantasy.
Gwenevere Abriel: How clear in without even that agreement is consent. It's already hard Oh, she wants it. Just push. She doesn't mean no that's already there. And then you're playing a next level game, which is this fantasy piece, but you still have the right to say no. Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: It adds, like, Well, how is he supposed to read the know
Gwenevere Abriel: When does it become right. How is he supposed to interpret what that is.
Jen: Indeed,
Gwenevere Abriel: And the person that when he's enjoying it. What do we think of him.
Right.
Jen: We think of him as being a typical dude, or at least I think that's where
Jen: I assume people go
Gwenevere Abriel: So in just pure animalistic intercourse, there's
Gwenevere Abriel: There's not that same intimacy that you were talking about with your husband. It's not the same.
Jen: It's not
Gwenevere Abriel: That it's not better. It does.
Gwenevere Abriel: Move different
Jen: Yeah, well, actually.
Jen: I think the more I talk about it, the more I feel
Jen: I feel guilty for not feeling more guilty.
Jen: Oh, and if that makes sense. Like,
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it doesn't, it doesn't make sense. So
Gwenevere Abriel: You had a partner that wasn't willing to do that in its simplest form, you went outside of it to get it.
Jen: Yeah. And ultimately, I got my Phil and at a point when I realized that it wasn't what I wanted anymore. I stopped doing it right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jen: But within. I'm like, I think that there were there were a couple of interactions that I look back on and I'm angry at myself for the way I responded like you know the guy who like wanted me to suck him off until he came
Jen: But didn't want to return the favor. And, you know, like gilded me by saying I was giving him blue balls. And so I did it with this assurance that we were going to have another date. And then he goes to me.
Jen: Or like
Jen: A couple of others that weren't
Jen: Okay, but there was also like there were men that I was like, I'm not into it. Sorry, it's not there.
Jen: There was
Jen: One who I stopped in the middle. I was like I was really not into this and he was like, no, like, you're going to do this. We talked about this, or he was like, why or something. And I was like, because I know my work.
Jen: Ah, I remember feeling really empowered by that and his peak really non blessed um
Jen: But yeah, I think that um I think that what I'm realizing through this live stream of consciousness is that
Jen: It's never been something that my husband and I have ever been able to put to bed like it's never been something that he's ever been able to just be like, I hear that that's what
Jen: You get like gets you off, and I don't judge you for it or think that you are a product of being brainwashed.
Jen: By society.
Jen: And I think it was easier once I stopped wanting that seemed
Gwenevere Abriel: Obvious
Jen: Yeah. Um, and so I think that I think that's where some of the shame comes from is looking back on more of those and not feeling more ashamed. Yeah.
Jen: Because I think that when I talk about it. And when I get like
Jen: Very non judgmental reaction from you. It reminds me that I don't have to judge myself for it.
Jen: Right, and I don't have to assign a negative meaning to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I don't know if you've done any reading
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know how we miss a step girls work at this point.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go check it out.
Jen: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to hear what you will. What you need to hear
Jen: How do you, how do you spell.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but she's like, What the heck is she, she's I'll just, I have
Gwenevere Abriel: Around. Yeah, right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here's one of them. So it's E s th er.
Gwenevere Abriel: So she is
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I wish it could be her like that's how good and I don't admire people
Gwenevere Abriel: Sorry, I don't. And I hate to be insulting, but a lot of therapists are not out
Jen: I feel like
Gwenevere Abriel: You got to be glad when you get a good one. Let's put it like that. Yes, wish they went into research. I don't know if you were in school with some of those people, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Anyway, I was. Anyway, I've listened to her political views. I've listened to everything she does. There is not one second, that I am not an admiration. Well, it's so rare.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's humble so generous she'll put out on her on her videos and her website everything she doesn't hold back as if I'm gonna, it's this thing that I'm going to sell and market. It's all yours. And she's so sharp and off she goes, she talks about this concept of
Gwenevere Abriel: Desire.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that it's the fact that she can't have it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Jen: Oh, snap.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Jen: Exactly. You can't have it. Wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now we have a husband who loves you so much and you such a sweetheart, and you would never want to hurt you. You're like, well,
But
Gwenevere Abriel: I know right. We're not supposed to say that I know. But this woman sets you free. Yeah. Woman sets you free and. She's so beautiful to look at. She's got these great little cricket funny little teeth and just cricket little face and you're just like, I want to hear everything you know
Gwenevere Abriel: And she has this gorgeous accent. She's like, I don't, I can't remember where she's from
Gwenevere Abriel: And. She's so smart, and she's so confident and she's so socially aware culturally aware like intelligent
Jen: Wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're just like, Oh really,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's out there. Yeah, she and she um
Gwenevere Abriel: If you go to her. Her site. She has all of these
Gwenevere Abriel: webcasts of all of these conversations that she's had with these couples and they're not your average. They're not your housewife and the man that's making the money. No, no, no. These are homosexual data does there's there's a Bisexual, Trans this and
Gwenevere Abriel: funky little thing that you're like, Oh, wow. Interesting. And it's not it's not your Wonder Bread stuff.
Jen: That's awesome. I could use that for some of my couples clients, I bet. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, it's, she's very generous and super smart her writing is simple, she's not an author, author, so she takes the way she talks and it lands on the page, but so be it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean, she's a good clinician and her work clearly comes from lived experience. And there's no way she could know this stuff. There's no way unless she did. I swear.
Like
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't see how it's possible. That's just my personal. Yeah, literally. There's that one. There's the state of affairs rethinking infidelity. Um, there's another one probably somewhere in this room, or maybe it's elsewhere in another room. This one I don't have
Jen: She's from Belgium and it looks like she's done a TED talk.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, goodness. Has she ever she's done lots and lots and lots of stuff you'll be you'll, you'll get lots of good stuff from her. One of my favorites is she's talking. She's in this room, she just dominates.
Jen: It.
Gwenevere Abriel: She can't even see she's just like she has no ounce of insecurity. It's such a relief to be around.
Gwenevere Abriel: They got three men like these, just like this panel thing she's just leaning in her chair and rattling off her truth, just like what, up, up, up, up, and you're like these guys are just, they're just a bunch of idiots.
Gwenevere Abriel: So just, they're just there. They can't believe
Gwenevere Abriel: She's telling the truth. She's naming it as if like, No kidding. And there it completely it. They have nothing to say there's nothing to say they can't believe she's saying this stuff out loud.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I think they're thinking like there's there's nothing they can say they're like checking their notes and you know she's just excited about all of it and just think it's invested
Jen: And, wow.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's very rare that I he like I hear something that completely changes like the way I see something and I, she's done that. That is so cool. That is so cool.
Gwenevere Abriel: See, so right, that, that, that desire comes from this you know I can't have it and have it totally. Yeah. Interesting. So there's a lot. She's got a lot of nuggets in there that are that are worth looking at.
Gwenevere Abriel: Love it. Mm hmm. Yeah, I figured. Figured you you might have already known. But that you haven't is pretty cool because you're gonna go find out some interesting stuff.
Jen: Oh my god. Totally, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right away to like I said very generous with her information. Nice. Nice. So for you, right, as you're kind of hearing yourself talk. What you landed on was seeing me not have this judging kind of reaction was useful. Yes.
Jen: Well, because I feel it helped me remember
Jen: That my feelings are my own
Um,
Jen: And, you know,
Jen: As, as long as I've been a mental, or rather, for as long as I've been a mental health therapist, I
Jen: I still
Jen: FIND MYSELF IN A SHAME SPIRAL sometimes based on the assumptions and the expectations of others.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Jen: That irritates me to no end.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, you know, if we say that our sexual development is a thing like
Gwenevere Abriel: My career. I'm family relationship and I'm a daughter, and I'm a sister, and I'm this and I'm adapt, but I'm also this sexual creature and have I evolved, have I reached my full potential. Is that underdeveloped.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, I just wonder if you had you had a growth spurt there that was you may be getting into your sexuality. Maybe during that period.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if the layer that you're lifting is you're supposed to feel bad about it. I mean, ultimately, I know we're in union with other people. And we're married to them, but um
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, individual, you know, and I hate to say that
Jen: Absolutely. Well, I'm like, I would, I would never judge a client if if they said, Exactly what I said, and I think that I'd handle it in much the way you did.
Jen: Because I think we, you know, I actually have a client who she's 63 she's never had an orgasm.
Jen: And
Jen: just told me that in our last session. And she was like, and so I want to. She was like, I want to see what I've been missing out on. And I was like, All right, well, first of all, so do you masturbate. And she was like, oh my god. No, no, no, no.
He
Jen: says she's never she's 63 and she has never touched herself once
Gwenevere Abriel: Is it a God thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Oh boy.
Jen: Very, very Catholic
Jen: And yeah, she was. And so then it broke my heart because I was like, okay, so how do we move forward. And she was like, I don't know, like, I don't know how to find a man and I don't know if I want to find a man and I was like, why do we need a man
Jen: And she was like, well, because I don't, I don't want to do it myself. And I was like, got it. But it sounds like you've been with men before but still haven't gotten there. And she was like, oh, yeah, no, that's a good point.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, so right if you rewind. It's like, well, if it's a sin. Maybe my wanting it at all is a sin. So we have not. Okay. So we're already past the point of being in trouble. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's, uh, you know, let's let's see if we can figure out a way and and we're talking about an hour you really supposed to do that. Maybe you're sending right now. No.
Jen: Yeah, and that's what I'm saying, too, is like, is it because you really wanted, or is it because it's something of an experience like that you feel that
Jen: Other people are expecting you to anyways. It just, it reminds me that we just as a culture, we have a lot tied up in sex and it's very complicated complicated. So, yeah.
Jen: So let's talk about you. Let's see how you're doing around this will just sort of go nice and light kind of turn inward and
Let's see what comes up. See if there's new new connections new story new narrative.
Jen: I have a lot on my plate right now.
Jen: I have
Jen: Had some really great sexual experiences in the past that.
Jen: Some people would definitely judge on paper.
And
Jen: Ultimately, I think that they were really important for me to have
Jen: To feel guilty right now. I do not feel guilty right now.
Do you think that the fact that you did this development has brought as quirky as it may be more love and intimacy to your relationship with your husband.
Jen: I don't have any doubt about that. That ironic. Yeah, well, and it's in it. We actually had a really interesting conversation about it a few months ago.
Jen: Where we both talked about how though it was really hard, there is something to be said for wandering out and remembering how good. You've got it. And also, like appreciating the things in your partner that you've come to take for granted.
Would be nice for us. And I know remind wants to land on right and wrong.
Gwenevere Abriel: It loves the organization of that. Yeah. However, life is not fashion never everywhere. It is a contradiction. It is the yang, yang business all the time. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's exciting. Though we get to be surprised.
Gwenevere Abriel: It reminds us right we get a nice little judgment. We think that's it. And then we're reminded
Gwenevere Abriel: Let go again loose attachment. Check it out. How does it feel and detach again. You can't hold on to it. You know, this notion
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know if you studied any of Pema showed run
Gwenevere Abriel: She does. Oh my gosh, that's dating myself but anyway.
Jen: No, I've, I've read them permission.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so she talks a lot about ground listeners and that there's really just nothing
Gwenevere Abriel: To
Gwenevere Abriel: That's like next level stuff that
Gwenevere Abriel: When they, you know, I know, DDT talks about, you know, radical acceptance. Well, this is really radical. Yeah.
Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: He's not really mine. No, he's my husband, but he's not mine. I'm not is I
Gwenevere Abriel: It's, it's not for everyone because we do have the choice. I do decide to live. I do decide I do decide that if you can tolerate that amount of freedom. It's a burden.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Gwenevere Abriel: It means you're, you know, kind of evolved. If you can
Gwenevere Abriel: See those truce.
Jen: Yeah.
Jen: You know yeah well and I feel like um
Jen: I don't know so often in our society, especially when it comes to relationships. There are so many assumptions as far as what a relationship should be
Gwenevere Abriel: As
Jen: Far as like I should be his. He should be mine. We should be everything for each other at all times. That just is so utterly unhealthy.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gonna love what a stare at says
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm so glad I did. It's exactly what you just said she speaks to we were putting way too much pressure on our spouse has to be our everything or best friend are everything she says it she says ridiculous. It wasn't like that before we were more in the community. We had these
Gwenevere Abriel: Those pressures of those expectations and relationships elsewhere. Now, now it's this and they disappoint us. And then what do we do, you know, so she talks right about it. It's really she's
Gwenevere Abriel: She I like her.
Jen: So she sounds rad, she said.
Jen: Yeah, but
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, if you, if you haven't done some obviously you've done a lot of self reflection and self growth, but it's not for everyone, it can be like, what do you need. That's cheating. You're bad. Okay. Well, that's, that's not for you.
Jen: Yeah. Well, it's funny. There's a sex and love podcast guide called Dan Savage, who I've listened to a lot and he has this thing where he says,
Jen: Every healthy relationship is built on a solid foundation of lies and that sounds really terrifying to a lot of people, but I find it so comforting, because the truth is, is that
Jen: There are just things that I don't need to share with my partner because it is not helpful.
Jen: It is not
Gwenevere Abriel: Who is it serving. Exactly.
Jen: One of my clients actually said something so beautiful. The other day I had to when when my client say something really awesome. I'll write it on a post it, and it goes up on my wall and she said the truth should be used to reduce pain not increase it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh, yeah, I love that.
Jen: Oh my god, I was like,
Jen: That that's so profound. I love that. Yeah.
Jen: Um, I digress.
Yeah.
So you know you wandered around in in a
Gwenevere Abriel: In a space. It'll be interesting to see how you feel, how that gut feels. You know when you're
Gwenevere Abriel: Around your folks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, right.
Jen: A lot better about it.
Jen: Now just feeling like I understand what I'm feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder what it was about hearing it for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you feel what that is.
Jen: You know, I'm not sure. I think it's, um,
Jen: I've never had a therapist that I respected as much as you
Jen: And
Jen: Within this safe within this space that we've been able to create I feel
Jen: Like I can question things that I haven't questioned before. Um, I feel this need to be super transparent.
Jen: And I think that sometimes
Jen: In searching for transparency, I'm searching for the deception in myself to see if it's there and
Jen: Something about the way you responded and ask the questions.
Jen: May just got me to a place where
Jen: I remember that I am being transparent and that
Jen: It's okay to feel
Jen: Sad satisfied with what happened and okay with it.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You value someone's opinion. Mm hmm. You gave that to me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Jen: And I
Jen: What I really appreciate about you is that
Jen: I think that if it came down to opinion.
Jen: You would hold that, if that makes sense. Like, I don't feel like you would let your opinion come into our practice together, it was more about the objective
Jen: Non judgment within a clinical setting, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: So wait, let's see if this is if this is a piece of it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Would you say the mechanism of impact was on my putting you first.
Jen: Yeah, well, especially the fact that you, as always, you go slow.
Jen: And you take it apart, bit by bit, making sure you understand as you go. And so that gives me the chance to reflect on what I've said and really dig and see if that is how I feel, or if that's coming up for some other reason.
Gwenevere Abriel: Part. I'm curious about is if, again, it was more about this sense
Gwenevere Abriel: This person that I have
Gwenevere Abriel: Some respect for
Gwenevere Abriel: She didn't make it about her. She made it about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But my question and maybe this is a selfish curiosity is or was it that
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone that looks like me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm actually believes what you believe.
Gwenevere Abriel: I was curious because they're not the same.
Jen: No, you're right. And actually, yes 100% I think that there was definitely a part of me that thought.
Jen: That you wouldn't respond that way. Yeah.
Jen: Yeah. And so when you did it.
Jen: Made it so much simpler.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I mean, if
Gwenevere Abriel: What I get the benefit of is, I imagine that I look like I right was a cheerleader, and drove a convertible and all those things.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I get to show up talking about Pema I get to talk about existential dilemma. And people are like, how can that be
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you have these squares on your side. Everything square your whole life. How can that be that you can have this, how can you, how can that those two things coexist. So I think if that's what that is. I'm excited because
Gwenevere Abriel: I feel like I can present that
Gwenevere Abriel: In real time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I've tried it the other way. Yeah, dyed my hair cut it off, made it brown
Jen: Eating
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah tried it to not I overdress you wouldn't know that, but I do, but that doesn't work. There's a real sense when you're a therapist, of how projection works and it has nothing to do with what I like.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: So now, I might as well just bleached my hair.
Jen: Totally
Gwenevere Abriel: Jacked on to me anyway. Doesn't matter.
Jen: It doesn't matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. So, all right, so I'm glad I asked that second piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it could be, it could be a flow of both
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you also mentioned this. I can't remember if you said the Pentecostal piece. I can't, I can't remember if you mentioned
Gwenevere Abriel: That maybe that's getting to be represented here maybe looking on the outside. Very linear and like it should be right, wrong but also being accepted that can parallel what you were talking about with your mom. Yeah, maybe. Maybe we got have a little bit of that too. Yeah, that space of
Acceptance completely maybe
Jen: Sit with a little bit, maybe. That sounds good.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's next for us as far as scheduling. What would you like
Um,
Jen: Would you be okay with
Jen: Doing three weeks.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely. And do you need anything for me as far as you know I message doctors in Slack all day long. If there's missing medication or people are running out. I just send a quick message. Do you need anything for me.
Jen: I'm all good. Thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. Well, I look. I look forward to seeing you in group and in our individual you going get some good work today work real hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have a good day. All right. Good to see you too.